
A self portrait I painted a while ago during my ART 50 class. Personally, I could do a better job today. Or at least make it more stylized.
Here's some info about myself, where I've been and what I like. Just don't go in here looking for a weakness. I will know.
I've been to many places, seen some faces, and went through some contemplations. Here's a short highlight reel of what that was like.
a screenshot of a short film I completed during ART 168. I take set design very seriously.
A local arcade I went to in Texas years ago. This PvZ arcade game recenty got uploaded and preserved on the internet.
A factory we passed through during one of our southern travels.
And now, some of my greatest achievements I've accomplished ever since I arrived at Penn State.

The idea was to use Thinglink to make a 3D scan of the Varia Lab server room and create a fiction story around it using annotations. The style of writing was inspired by classic horror games influencing several beats from a fictional game series that took place in the future. I'm not spoiling which ones.
It's not copyright infringement if I link to someone else's rip instead of mine. Right?
And now, I shall combine what I observed and create an ordered list using href of tracks from games I like:
I like things. It's common to like things. It's just not often anyone asks about mine. Here's a few of them.
I learned how to add video files in here. Good job making it this far.
Here's a haul of some games I bought from a local retro shop. You can find some great stuff just by roaming around the area. 
 I love collecting retro video games, for I believe it's important to understand the past to appreciate how we got here. I'll also fancy a modern re-release with extra features. I love all kinds of games from platformers to fighters as you could probably tell from the above visuals. I believe game preservation is very important since it is a still developing form of art and culture. Just like a movie, book, or painting, games deserve to be preserved and experienced by future generations. Yes, even the bad ones. I'm also known as the guy with the PS2 in his dorm.
You may 1v1 me on Friday nights at 8 PM at the lounge.
